Hey...
How about we talk, Naruto Uzumaki?
You!
A Rasengan right off the bat, huh?
You know it doesn't work on me, right?
Naruto, you just stay put.
As expected, Sharingan Kakashi.
You are fast.
We won't let you get your hands on Naruto that easily, Madara Uchiha.
You did just hear my last line, didn't you?
No attacks work against Madara Uchiha.
I don't know if you are merely erasing your presence
or if this is an astral projection,
but I know it's necessary for you to manifest physically
in order to capture Naruto.
Otherwise, you couldn't actually grab him.
We'll aim for that.
This here is now my territory.
I never thought it would be easy. You see, I have my own plan.
But right now, I'd rather talk.
Talk?
Yes. What was it that made Pain, Nagato, turn into a traitor?
Naruto... You have aroused my curiosity.
Who cares about something like that?!
What do you intend to do with Sasuke?!
Tell me about Sasuke!
Sasuke, huh?
Very well. I'll tell you.
About the man whose hatred of the ninja world
runs through his bones to his very core.
About Sasuke Uchiha.
Sasuke's story cannot be told without mentioning Itachi.
So first, hear the truth about Itachi.
Where is Sasuke?! Answer me!
You leave me no choice. I'll give you a hint, so...
Shee! Begin!
Yes sir!
You didn't have to kill him.
We could have taken him in and tortured him
into revealing intel about the Akatsuki.
No one in the Akatsuki talks. They are extremely loyal.
Okisuke, Urakaku. Issue an order to search for Sasuke.
And issue a Number 2 battle-ready state alert.
- Yes, sir! - Yes, sir!
Lord Raikage!
You! One-eyed Mist!
Watch the Hokage!
Shee! Darui!
Come!
I'm so sorry about the desk and the wall.
Darui, never mind that. Let's go!
What a violent fellow.
The Cloud's rascal hasn't changed even as a Kage.
Number 2 battle-ready state alert.
Search for the intruder, Sasuke Uchiha.
Dispatch three squads to the tower entrance.
Create a line of defense.
Roger.
Move out!
What's this?!
What is it, Karin?
The Samurai's movements have suddenly become flurried.
I think they're looking for us!
What?!
But we didn't do anything to be spotted.
I bet it was Zetsu.
They're already gone.
Racing Lightning
It's no good. There are too many of them.
We'll be found in no time and captured.
Zetsu, was it? I'll get him for this!
So that's how they use chakra?
I'm very irritated right now.
If you attack, I'll show no mercy.
I would say the same to you!
He repelled it?
It's similar to our sword technique!
Karin, you don't have to monitor the Samurai anymore.
Focus on Danzo's location.
But what about the Samurai?
I'll deal with them.
Just find Danzo.
Huh?!
Sasuke's chakra is different!
Hey... After all his warnings telling me not to kill anyone...
This is...
He's not the same Sasuke as before.
He's more intense than when he is in the Curse Mark Second State.
And much...
colder.
He's not alone!
There's one chakra that is erasing many other chakras!
No doubt it's coming from Sasuke!
Which way?!
Right below us!
Lord Raikage, you're not going to...
Something's coming. And it's huge!
What is that?!
Hey brat!
I'm going to teach you the fear of true fury!
Sasuke! Don't go in alone!
He's lost his cool!
Water Style: Water Wall!
His attack, huh?
Lightning Style: Emotion Wave!
Looks like the intel was right, Boss.
This guy seems to possess a Lightning Chakra Nature.
Plus he has a Fire Chakra Nature.
He's bound to use Fire Style at some point.
Darui, keep Water Style ready at all times.
Yeah.
Doesn't it look like they have intel on Sasuke?
Hey, the one in the middle. Isn't that...?
They're Hidden Cloud jonin.
The huge one in the middle is their Raikage.
They won't let us pass easily.
Seeking reinforcements!
Sasuke got us!
I'll stop him!
Something's coming!
Lightning Illusion: Flash Pillar!
Is he trying to blind us?!
Sasuke!
No!
Jugo, don't waver. This is a genjutsu.
Not bad, Sharingan. However...
You may have seen through the genjutsu, but it's too late!
Sasuke!
Damn it! My Executioner's Blade!
It'd already gotten cracked against the Eight-Tails.
It can't be helped.
S-Saved. Nice, Suigetsu!
Who told you to butt in?
We came to help you, and this is what we get?
Although that's just like you.
Ninja sure fight rough.
They're crazy!
Shee, check and see if they've got any other allies around.
I don't want to worry about more popping in.
I'm sure there was one more.
But if I focus on that one, it'll be hard to stay in the fight.
We don't need you.
Boss and I can handle them.
Uh-oh! If I keep searching for Danzo like this,
I'll be the one found by that Shee.
Karin will probably extinguish her chakra and hide.
She's got that ability.
That guy in the back is probably a Sensory-Type ninja.
We have to take him down.
I'll do it.
It doesn't look like he'll be moving around again.
Sir Ao, please confirm
if the Hokage's Ocular Jutsu is still engaged or not.
No. The flow of chakra in his Chakra Network is very calm.
The jutsu is undone.
Relax. It's not a jutsu I can use that many times in a day.
I'll decide that. For you are a man who cannot be trusted.
I never imagined the Byakugan had fallen into outside hands.
Had the traitor been a Hyuga from the Hidden Leaf,
he would have been killed immediately.
You are probably planning to dispose of me for learning your secret,
but that will not happen.
I shall fight you at such a time.
Because there may just be a connection
between the jutsu that had control over the Fourth Mizukage
and your ocular powers.
Lord Hokage, ninjutsu is prohibited in this room.
You have lost your credibility.
Even if you hadn't resorted to this, I may have chosen you, you know.
"May have chosen" was unacceptable.
I was prepared to use any means necessary
in order to protect the world of the ninja.
This world must become one.
In the same way that the First Hokage, Hashirama,
united our people and founded our village.
This time, I shall unite the villages and create one ninja world.
There is no way this ninja world can be united through discussions alone.
It takes time to realize one's ideals.
Impatience makes one lose sight of his surroundings and invites failure.
That's you right now.
Nothing will change by working slowly and ethically.
Sooner or later, the Akatsuki will destroy the ninja world.
Well, that is just an impossible dream.
It may sound noble, but ultimately,
it will only breed distrust, ill will and resentment.
Why Danzo, we don't even trust your words at this point.
Whether I am trusted or not, it's the outcome that is essential.
Unable to trust each other.
If that is the world...
If that is being human, there is no future.
What is it you want to say?
Understanding and trusting in one another...
If we lose that, only fear will remain in the world.
Acting with no regard for what is right... resigning oneself...
I find such things hard to accept these days.
For a kid who knows nothing about governing a village yet,
you speak easily about difficult matters.
Now's your chance to ask anything you'd like.
As your seniors, we're willing to answer any questions you have.
Right, Danzo?
How dare you, you old geezer!
Don't, Kankuro.
He's still Tsuchikage. The leader of another village.
Did she just say "still"?
Ignore them.
Then let me ask you this.
Sure. I will answer anything, kid.
When did you all forsake yourselves?
What a pure-hearted child.
So Gaara, what will we do now?
We cooperated with the Hidden Leaf on their mission
to rescue Sasuke Uchiha.
But he's now descended to joining the Akatsuki.
Sasuke Uchiha...
Hey! Don't go off without your guards!
Gramps, he's scored a point on you.
Shut it!
Lord Tsuchikage... What do we do?
Shall we go forth to battle?
Fool! What if the back pain gets worse?!
But I want to see this Sasuke who supposedly took down Bro Deidara.
Do as you please.
Just remember, if you get caught in the Raikage's crossfire,
you'll die.
So stay out his way.
Gotcha!
What about you, Akatsuchi?
I'll stay with Lord Tsuchikage, in case he has trouble with his back.
Later, then.
Lord Danzo, please allow one of us to go forth
in order to retrieve the Sharingan.
You Hidden Leaf will stay as you are! Lord Raikage has so ordered!
Foo, Torune...don't.
We will play nice for now.
I'll kill 'em!
His change in personality is more surprising than his appearance.
Focus! This guy's chakra is ridiculous!
Jugo voluntarily gave in to his killer impulse this time.
You think he still remembers that we're on his side?
Now then, who's first?!
Don't get cocky!
You're mine!
Nice blade you got there.
Can't have this just because yours broke.
One down.
You can't take me down with a mere Sharingan!
Lord Raikage's nerve transmission and reaction speed
are on par with that of the Leaf's Yellow Flash.
Impressive that these guys are keeping up as well as they are!
But Lord Raikage has manipulated Lightning Style Chakra
to augment his reflexes.
Not even the Sharingan will be able to keep up with him.
Plus, there's still...
Die!
Boss!
From point-blank range!
Did he get him?!
He took Lord Raikage's blow and still survived?!
I-Is this is...a genjutsu?
These guys are cleverly using each other's attacks to divert attention.
And I fell for it. Damn it!
Can't...move...
Shee?!
Shee! Don't go to sleep! Get up!
I killed him! I killed the guy!
Jugo can be useful, after all.
They can't detect me now.
Now's my chance to find Danzo.
Huh?!
Who's next?!
It's not too late.
You still have the chance to go back, Sasuke.
What is there for me on your side if I were to go back?
I shut my eyes a long time ago.
The things I seek lie only in the darkness.
Wait!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Sasuke's Ninja Way"
Gaara, don't let your personal feelings interfere.
Tune in again!